Nondockerized ssl (#572)
broadinstitute/single_cell_portal_core: NON_CONTAINERIZED_DEV_README.md

5.  Run `yarn install`
6.  Run `ruby rails_local_setup.rb $BROAD_USERNAME`, where $BROAD_USERNAME is a something like eweitz -- this creates a file in config/secrets with commands to export needed environment variables
7.  Run the source command the script outputs -- this will export those needed variables into the current shell

> 8.  Add config/local_ssl/localhost.crt to your systems trusted certificates (on os X, you can drag this file into the keychain access app, use the 'System' keychain, and the 'Certificates' category)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Add config/local_ssl/localhost.crt to your systems trusted certificates (on macOS, you can drag this file into the keychain access app, use the 'System' keychain, and the 'Certificates' category)
```
